# NOAA Weather - JFK Airport by VBSG
This project relates to the NOAA Weather Dataset - JFK Airport (New York). The original dataset contains 114,546 hourly observations of 12 local climatological variables (such as temperature and wind speed) collected at JFK airport.

1. Successfully obtained and utilized a subset of the NOAA Weather Dataset for JFK Airport, consisting of 5727 rows and 9 columns, representing approximately 5% of the original dataset.
2. Conducted data preprocessing, which included tasks like data cleaning, handling missing values, and feature selection.
3. Developed a baseline linear regression model for precipitation prediction.
4. Enhanced model performance through fine-tuning and feature engineering.
5. Evaluated and compared the performance of various models to identify and select the most effective predictive model for precipitation in the given dataset.

Upon completing this project, I have acquired valuable skills in data preprocessing, exploratory data analysis, model development, and evaluation. Additionally, honed the abilities in data cleaning, feature selection, and predictive modeling, with a focus on linear regression, to effectively forecast precipitation using real-world data from the NOAA Weather Dataset for JFK Airport.This project relates to the NOAA Weather Dataset - JFK Airport (New York). The original dataset contains 114,546 hourly observations of 12 local climatological variables (such as temperature and wind speed) collected at JFK airport. 1. Successfully obtained and utilized a subset of the NOAA Weather Dataset for JFK Airport, consisting of 5727 rows and 9 columns, representing approximately 5% of the original dataset. 2. Conducted data preprocessing, which included tasks like data cleaning, handling missing values, and feature selection. 3. Developed a baseline linear regression model for precipitation prediction. 4. Enhanced model performance through fine-tuning and feature engineering. 5. Evaluated and compared the performance of various models to identify and select the most effective predictive model for precipitation in the given dataset. Upon completing this project, I have acquired valuable skills in data preprocessing, exploratory data analysis, model development, and evaluation. Additionally, honed the abilities in data cleaning, feature selection, and predictive modeling, with a focus on linear regression, to effectively forecast precipitation using real-world data from the NOAA Weather Dataset for JFK Airport.

Skills: Mathematics · Statistics · Data Preprocessing · Exploratory Data Analysis · Model Development · Predictive Modeling · data analysis with R · Data CleaningSkills: Mathematics · Statistics · Data Preprocessing · Exploratory Data Analysis · Model Development · Predictive Modeling · data analysis with R · Data Cleaning
